okay so that was a pretty intense story
but like I was saying I do not regret it
I don't regret being bullied like that I
don't regret mentally abusing myself I
don't regret picking and prodding at my
body and all that self-hatred that I
felt because yeah that was a crappy time
and that sucked and I wasn't happy but I
wouldn't be where I am today I would not
be here helping women live the healthy
lifestyle that they really want loving
the body loving the skin that they're in
and being full of energy and vitality
and being the best mom daughter wife
girlfriend whatever that may be that she
can be I would not have any of this I
would not have the life that I have if
it wasn't for that horrible experience
you know I was never interested in
health as a kid I I wasn't raised on
knowing that fruits and vegetables were
important I never went to pei almost
failed it actually a couple times I
hated exercise I could literally eat a
Big Mac in one minute I could have that
thing down in 60 seconds I ate taco bell
what the seven layer burritos I could
eat those like crazy I was not a healthy
person and I would have never known that
I was so passionate about being healthy
and all of that if it wasn't for those
five years of just oh you know just all
that yuck that I was talking about in my
story so I really feel like that is what
sets me aside and why I want to do this
why I want to help you why I want to
help women feel their best because I
have been there I have done that and I
am proud to say that i will never count
a freaking calorie again I will never
count a freaking point again I
not going to be held hostage to those
numbers i'm not going to step on a scale
again I mean obviously if I have to add
the doctor but I'm not stepping on the
scale again and I'm not buckling myself
down to good foods and bad foods and I
can't eat this and I can I can eat that
there's no such thing as naughty foods
in my book I can eat anything that I
want and I want that type of freedom
that type of liberation for you and
every other woman I come in contact with
to not feel like she is held hostage in
her body or she's held hostage to her
lifestyle or foods or whatever I want
you to be able to give to yourself every
single day completely free of guilt
physically emotionally mentally so if
that be exercising or stretching
meditating relaxing journaling giving to
you because when you take care of
yourself everybody else reaps the
benefits you cannot give to anybody else
that in which you cannot give to
yourself you are the number one person
so I am here to share that with you and
that's why I'm that's why I'm here
that's why I have this business that I
do is because I want to liberate and set
free every woman so her body just
naturally comes into balance and you
look in the mirror and you love who you
see and you love what you see so there's
the reason why I am here serving my
purpose every single day so if you have
any questions for me feel free to reach
out there's an email address right below
this video I would love to talk to you
further and I hope you have a wonderful
day and keep checking out my site
because I have a lot of other goodies on
here I'll see you later bye